rmluslmmox.

CHAPTER LXIX.

HOW GOLD 1s SEPABA'I'ED Fuou COPPBR.

Bur if at any time you have broken copper or silver giu ves-
sels, or any other work, you can in this manner separate the
gold. Take the bones of whatever animal you please‚ which
(bones) you may have found in the street, and burn them,
being cold, grind them finely, and mix with thern a third part
of beech-wood ashes, and make cups as we hare mentioned
above in the purification of silver; you will dry these at the
lire or in the sun. 'fhen you carefully sempe the gold from
the coppm, and you will fold this seraping in lead beaten
thiu, and one of these cups being placed in the embers before
the furnacc, and now become warm, you place in this sold of
lead with the soraping‚ and coals being hesped upon it you
will blow it. And when it has become melted, in the same
manner as silver is accuatomed to be purified, sometimes by
removing the embers and by adding lead, sometimes by re-
cooking and warily blowing, you burn it, until, the copper
beingentirely absorbcd‚ the gold may appear pure.

CHAPTER LXX.

now coar> ra annaneane raom trivan.

Wnsu you have scraped the gold from silver, place this
scraping in a small cup in which gold or silvei is accustomed
to be melted, and presa a small linen cloth upon it, that no·
thing may by chance be abstractcd from it by the wind of the
bellows, and placing it before the hrrnace, melt it; and
directly lay fragments of sulphur in it, according to the quan-
tity of the semping, and carefully stir it with athin piece of
charcoal until its firmes cease ς and immediately pour it into
an iron mould. Then gently beat it upon the anvil, lest by

chance some of that blaclr may lly from it which the sulphur

 

