rnunsnfflon. 139

upon the gloss. Audis the gloss should be so thick that you '
cannot perceive the lines which ere upon the table, taking
white glase, draw upon it, and when it is dry place the thick
glass upon the white, raising it against the hght, and as you
look through it, so portmy it. In the seme manner you will
mark out all kinds of glass, whether for the face, or in
·draperies, in hande, in feet, in the berder, or in whatever
place you intend to place colours.

———--——.-————

CHAPTER XVIII.

ΟΡ DIVIDING GLASS.

Awrnnwtnns heat in the lire the dividing iron, which should
be thin throughout, but thicher ot the end. When it glows
in the thick part apply it to the glass which you wish to di-
vide, and presently the commenccment of a small fissure will
appear. If, however, the glass be hard, wct it with saliva,
with your finger, in the spot where you place the iron3 being
instantly craclsed, draw the iron along where you wish to di·
vide, and it is followed by the fissure. All the portione being
thus divided, take the riesel iron, which is a palm in length,
curved at each extremity, with which you will equalize and
join all parts together, each one in its place. These things
being thus arranged, take the colour with which you should
paint the glass, which you compose in this manner.

CHAP'I'ER XIX.

OF ‘run COLOUR wrm wulcn GLASS IS PAINTED.

Turre copper beaten thinly, burning itin a small iron cup
until it is quite in a powder, and take particles ol green gloss

 

